For some reason,
I started living on my own.
Imaizumi's place is so cozy
that we end up staying too long.
I'm not sure why,
Oh yeah, Imaizumi.
but my flat became a hang-out place
for my female classmates.
If you lose against us, it's gonna be
a punishment game for you.
Huh!?
Oh, shoot!
I'm gonna lose now...
Way to go, Imaizumi! I haven't really
played this game that much.
Hamasaki-san's chest is... Or rather...
She's acting way too familiar with me...
Huh... Huuuh!?
Oh, by the way...
Maeda from class 2 was saying
that a cock's thickness is more important
than its stiffness...
What's up with that? That's so funny!
Well, size and thickness are both important...
But in the end, it's not gonna feel good if it's not hard.
That's for sure.
Well, the best ones would be both hard and thick.
Ah! Ima-chin lost!
Yaaay!
Are you so preoccupied with Reina
that you couldn't focus on the game?
Your face is beet red.
Alright, it's time for Imaizumi's punishment game.
First-placer Ruri-sama, what do you want him to do?
Uhmmm... Let's see...
I think I wanna go to the convenience store first.
I'm hungry.
Oh, good idea!
Huh? Are you not coming with us, Reina?
Uhh... I don't wanna bother going.
Just grab me anything.
Okay, but how long are you
gonna be glued on Imaizumi?
Well, his reactions are so innocent.
I'm having fun here.
Oh, is that so?
Oh well... Don't overdo it.
Yeah, yeah...
Imaizumi's Place Became a Gal Hang-Out Spot
for Some Reason
Isn't It Impossible to Hold Back
When Surrounded by Such Sexy Gals?
They went to the convenience store now.
So... What are we gonna do with this?
It already got so hard.
Th-This is... Umm...
I know about it, you see...
That you're fapping on porn mags with gals in them.
Of course, you're gonna be horny...
Girls like us come over every day.
And to top that, I'm clinging this much to you.
But isn't this great?
Your dream just came true.
Leaving that aside, you sure have
something nice down here.
H-Hamasaki-san!
What? Are you gonna tell me to stop?
I don't want you to stop...
Okay then...
I'll wring you dry to death, just as you wish!
Here you go! Doesn't it feel good?
Yeah... Ahh!
That same Hamasaki-san is touching me down there.
And she's kissing me at the same time...
Come on, Imaizumi!
I can't hold it in any longer...
Ah! No!
Ohh!
Whoa there... Tell me if you're gonna come.
Hey, we've bought them!
Uhh...
What are you two doing?
Ahh...
Oh, I kinda got horny...
Uh-oh... This woman actually did it...
When we went to the convenience store,
I already had a bad feeling...
By the way... Doesn't Imaizumi's cock look nice?
Oh, gosh...
I'm also starting to feel horny now for some reason...
Hey, Reina... Get off him.
Huh!?
Ah! I've thought of something
for his punishment game!
Oh? What is it gonna be?
No way, won't the stimulus
from a virgin's ass be too intense?
It won't be a punishment game
without a strong stimulus!
A-Ahh... I can't take it anymore...
Huh!?
That's too bad!
Did you think you'll be able to come?
Hey, Ima-chin!
Wanna come? Wanna shoot your semen out?
Ahh...
Umm...
Come on... If you don't say it clearly,
I will never let you ejaculate.
I want to come...
Make me come, Sasaki-san...
It can't be helped, I guess...
Hey, Imaizumi...
Look into my eyes.
Whoa! That's intense, Yukina!
I doubt he'll be able to last long from that!
Sasaki-san!?
I'm coming!
Ahh! Wow!
Huh? Yukina?
Hey, Imaizumi...
Let me have that sperm down here next!
Huh? Sasaki-san?
Hold on, Yukina!
Why are you taking it in before me!?
Huh!? I don't see any problem!
Not like it's gonna go anywhere!
I knew it! It feels just as good as I imagined!
Imaizumi's cock!
Sasaki-san...
Those two ended up enjoying
themselves alone for some reason...
Doesn't that piss you off?
Right... Let's mess up with them for a bit.
Hey, Imaizumi!
How dare you leave us out to fuck her!
We're not done with your punishment game yet!
K-Kurumizaka-san!
They stand out the most in school.
All three of them are so pretty
that they're hard to approach.
And with those three, I'm now...
...doing such a lewd thing!
Ahh! Sasaki-san, I'm gonna come!
That's okay! Shoot plenty of your sperm!
Oh, what's this? Is Ima-chin knocked down?
Hey, why are you taking a break?
You haven't done it with me yet, have you?
H-Hamasaki-san, wait!
Hamasaki-san!
I can't get enough of this cock!
Here, Come on! Here you go!
You just came earlier but you're already raring to go.
What a pervert!
Hamasaki-san, I'm coming!
Okay, here...
Come, Imaizumi!
It's pouring in...
It feels good! This is wonderful!
After that, I lost track of time
Imaizumi, what should you say again
when you want to come?
as these girls greedily devoured me.
Oh, Imaizumi... Calm down a bit!
As I came inside them,
any hesitation I had faded away...
Hey!
What should I do?
I'm too nervous to fall asleep.
Kurumizaka-san!?
We're secretly gonna have bareback sex, okay?
Ahh! Wow! Yes!
I'll end up getting hooked on this!
K-Kurumizaka-san, slow down a little!
Wait, this is really bad!
Here comes your sperm!
Gosh, Ima-chin... Your voice is too loud!
You'll wake up Reina and Yukina!
Y-You're the same, Kurumizaka-san!
Ohh... Now you've said it.
By the way...
Why are you living on your own, Imaizumi?
My parents have always told me that I'm not manly.
They told me to use this chance to be independent
and kicked me out when school started.
Hey, are you serious?
Are you living alone for that reason?
Y-Yeah...
I've thought up something nice!
Let's make a sex tape and send it to his parents!
Okay then, I'm gonna record the video.
Huh!? Are we really doing this!?
What's this?
You're not gonna say no
when your cock is like this, right?
You can do it any way you like, Imaizumi.
Don't you love my pussy?
Ah! Right there!
Come on, slam your hips harder against me!
You're doing great, Imaizumi! That's the way!
I'm about to come already!
Okay, come! No need to hold back, okay?
Let it out while pressing hard!
Everything got all messy after that.
Ahh! This is so intense!
Imaizumi's cock really feels good!
Looking good!
I'm capturing an extremely erotic scene here.
Hey...
Make sure to get our kiss on camera!
Yeah, sure.
It's going deep inside me so intensely!
Ah, I'm coming... Coming...
Coming! Coming! Ah, I'm coming!
Ahh, I'm comiiing!
Hey, Ima-chin...
You know what to do next, don't you?
Ahh! Yes!
Uhh... I'm kinda starting to feel horny again...
Ima-chin, more!
Keep thrusting!
He's shaking his hips hard...
Oh! Yes, right there!
It feels good, Ima-chin!
Here it comes!
I'm coming!
Come on, Imaizumi!
You're not getting any breaks yet!
Ohh, this guy is incredible! It feels so good!
Doesn't this mean we're very compatible?
If it's about compatibility,
ours are obviously way better. Right, Imaizumi?
Come on...
Hurry up and come, Ima-chin.
Ah! Ahh! Oh my!
I'm coming... I'm coming!
Phew... We sure went wild...
That should've made you a bit more manly.
Y-You think so?
You still have a long way to go, though.
No need to worry about it.
We're gonna look after you
until you fully turn into a man.
Alright...
As a reward for working hard this whole day,
we'll give you a triple blowjob.
Ima-chin, have you pressed the record button?
Dear mom,
Y-Yeah...
It's been a while since I started living on my own.
And it seems that I've become a bit more of a man now.
A SakuraCircle Project / Translated by: Tennouji / Upscaled by: HentaiStream.moe